fix: [IDP]: Updated the missing bug fixes in release notes (#8037)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/internal-developer-portal.md

- Fixed issue with Jenkins Plugins integration using Delegate. [IDP-3551]
- Fixed `AuthenticationError` issue for templates registered from Harness Code Repo. [IDP-3316]
- Fixed the issue with delay in registering workflow templates in IDP. 

> - Fixed the UI issue regarding TechDocs and SideNav overlap. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the UI issue when long sidenav in TechDocs sites would cause overlap issues.
```
